Add `internal_query_count_limit` configuration (#63)
basecamp/mission_control-jobs: README.md

- `logger`:  the logger you want Mission Control Jobs to use. Defaults to `ActiveSupport::Logger.new(nil)` (no logging). Notice that this is different from Active Job's logger or Active Job's backend's configured logger.
- `delay_between_bulk_operation_batches`: how long to wait between batches when performing bulk operations, such as _discard all_ or _retry all_ jobs—defaults to `0`
- `adapters`: a list of adapters that you want Mission Control to use and extend. By default this will be the adapter you have set for `active_job.queue_adapter`.

> - `internal_query_count_limit`: the maximum number of jobs that Solid Queue adapters will query when performing a count. True counts above this number will be returned as `INFINITY`. This keeps count queries fast—defaults to `500,000`

Reviewer: Maybe, to make it clear that not all adapters need to use this limit:

```suggestion
- `internal_query_count_limit`: in count queries, the maximum number of records that will be counted if the adapter needs to limit these queries. True counts above this number will be returned as `INFINITY`. This keeps count queries fast—defaults to `500,000`
```
